README.md, before:

# iProfile: The Elegant Profile, Everyone's Personal Profile

- I am who `i` am, shaping by the tools in my hands - not job boards, not social medias, not anything else out of control
- One single source of truth
- Immutable history
- Evolvable present
- Local offline first
- Universally linkable

_...continued..._

- Beautifully crafted
- Consistently distributed

### Usage

> `() => visit via any IPFS gateway @ /ipfs/QmckDvhpwX4SEhJvFr6BG9D2xpsdijvk2wE32ffpRzNvTv/` [Origin](https://service.edening.net/ipfs/QmckDvhpwX4SEhJvFr6BG9D2xpsdijvk2wE32ffpRzNvTv/)

> Say OK to `IBIPFS would like to be working for you`, if you'd like to make your own profile

> Click the `iEvolve` button to start authoring the source web page, and try `Let's Go` when you feel satisfied with your work

### Q&A

**_Q: Where is my work of `iprofile`?_**

_A: It's locally inside your browser, and globally distributed with IPFS._

### Forwarding

:doing:
- **_`v0.0.1` - common - iProfile for General_**
- * Inline WYSIWYG authoring, with `?`
- * Local automatic persistence as default
- * Publishing via IPFS, with `IBIPFS`

:done:
- **_`v0.0.0` - prototype - iProfile for Classical Web Fans_**
- * IBIPFS: The distributed web in browser
- * * In-browser IPFS Node
- * * Adding `PeerId` as html meta `publisher`
- * Inline web authoring, with `codemirror`
- * Beautifier with `mdb-jquery`

Commit message:

WYSIWYG inline editing with medium-editor(trial)

README.md, after:

# iProfile: The Elegant Profile, Everyone's Personal Profile

- I am who `i` am, shaping by the tools in my hands - not job boards, not social medias, not anything else out of control
- One single source of truth
- Immutable history
- Evolvable present
- Local offline first
- Universally linkable

_...continued..._

- Beautifully crafted
- Consistently distributed

### Usage

> `() => visit via any IPFS gateway @ /ipfs/QmckDvhpwX4SEhJvFr6BG9D2xpsdijvk2wE32ffpRzNvTv/` [Origin](https://service.edening.net/ipfs/QmckDvhpwX4SEhJvFr6BG9D2xpsdijvk2wE32ffpRzNvTv/)

> Say OK to `IBIPFS would like to be working for you`, if you'd like to make your own profile

> Click the `iEvolve` button for authoring the source web page, and `Let's Go` when you feel satisfied with your work

### Q&A

**_Q: Where is my work of `iprofile`?_**

_A: It's locally inside your browser, and globally distributed with IPFS._

### Forwarding

:doing:
- **_`v0.0.1` - common - iProfile for General_**
- * Inline WYSIWYG authoring, with [`?`](https://github.com/search?o=desc&q=WYSIWYG&s=stars&type=Repositories)
- * * [react-page: Next-gen, highly customizable content editor for the browser.](https://github.com/react-page/react-page)
- * * [medium-editor: Medium.com WYSIWYG editor clone.](https://github.com/yabwe/medium-editor)
- * Automatic persistence and immutable history // `IBIPFS`&`[HistoryAPI](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/History_API)`?
- * Publishing via IPFS, with `IBIPFS`

:done:
- **_`v0.0.0` - prototype - iProfile for Classical Web Fans_**
- * IBIPFS: The distributed web in browser
- * * In-browser IPFS Node
- * * Adding `PeerId` as html meta `publisher`
- * Inline web authoring, with `codemirror`
- * Beautifier with `mdb-jquery`
